A human mind can be a dark and scary place.
    Every day of our daily lives, our minds work unstop to make sure that we survive another day, this is by keeping us conscious throughout the day, allowing us to perceive what is real and what is not in the world that surrounds us. This is the reason we can stop and think before leaping into the fray of the thing that is known to us humans simply as life. Making those critical decisions like if the stranger we just met could be a friend or end up being a foe or if a place feels safe to enter or should be avoided at all costs. Remembering these key things, on top of numerous other things, are required by our minds to be remembered each day throughout our whole lives.
    Like remembering exactly where you placed your car keys and the exact location you parked your car at 6:30 in the morning when you’re running out in the dark on your weekly mad dash to get to your job on time. 
    So shall we imagine a what if? What if something happens that affects how your mind actually functions? All the elements that make up the daily tasks of a normal functioning mind just no longer works and instead, the said owner of this malfunctioning mind falls into another reality, a reality which doesn’t exist and is neither a purgatory or the normal realm of the world that the owner use to reside in?
    A reality where things that don’t exist in the real world, exist without a doubt?
    A reality which brings the nightmares you fear to life?
    And these nightmares lurk, stalk and hunt you from deep within the shadows of these reality and within a heartbeat, can steal your last breath?
    And these nightmares that shouldn’t exist, have the abilities to fool you? To lure you into a calm and false pretense that you have found another within this realm and you are safe when in truth, all they crave is the right moment to betray you and kill you. Also, if you do run into another humans, you are better not trusting, they also can have the motive to kill you.
    And if you die within this reality, you die within the real world as well, your existence is wiped from all realities, you no longer exist. Period!
    In this reality, you have the choice, either remain within these walls of these reality forever as one of the nightmares that you fear, the nightmares that logically don’t exist but do within the boundaries of your twisted mind, these nightmares are just as real as the nightmares that exist in the real world. Or do you face up to these nightmares and earn the rights back for your mind to return back to the reality of your own world.
    You are nothing more than another pawn within this game to them, just like the others who came before you. Trying to survive against all odds that more than likely are stacked against you but your mind hopes otherwise, protecting yourself from the various nightmares that calls this reality their home, things that would never exist within your reality.
    Luckily, you have one thing in your favor. These nightmares are only active during the night hours in this reality. These nightmares are not like those cute fantasy creatures you would find within the pages of modern fairy tales that were read you as a child, those were nothing but lies, these nightmares are much more older than those.. These nightmares have no known identity.. You can’t pinpoint them to tales or myths, these fears are much more.. Crueler.
    All you have within this reality are the clothes on your back and whatever basic weapons you can craft, there is no modern technology found within this reality, you must solely depend on the depths of your own strengths and senses to survive, learn all their weaknesses to defend yourself. If your capable of surviving for over a year within this reality, you have won, you can return back home or if you wish, you come a nightmare and hunt others within this reality.. But if the nightmares win, you will not receive a second chance..

Welcome to this unknown reality, for a mind that is not… right, this place is not the pink and fluffy world that kids welcome with open arms. This place is far more scarier… much more deadlier.. The things that populate this world are not the friendly creatures that populate the regular realities of a mind.. Oh no, these creatures crave fear and BLOOD. The shadows are their home, but finding a safe place to hide or even sleep is rare.. 
You are the player within this game, trying to survive against all odds, against.. Them. How do you place an image to a creature that only exists.. Within the boundaries of your mind? This whole reality is nothing more than a game to them, any weapon you create is yours.  There is no hospital here, it is your responsibility to care for your own wounds if you get injured or you can hope to maybe come across an ally or two, other players trapped within this world. 
Allies? There are other people stuck in this reality as well? As it is said, for better chances to survive, it's always better to form an alliance and work together, two or more brains are always better than one. Through, whom says your allies won't betray you? That is the chance you have to take, no? Play it smart.. And who knows, maybe you will manage to return back to your reality? 



